So my name is Flavia Humphreys. Today's date is the 21st of April. So you've got Robert Moore and Rob Barnsby.
Yeah.
And are you two friends?
Lovely.
How long have you two known each other?
A long time, Rob.
A long time, isn't it, Rob?
Yeah.
A long time, yeah.
I think.
Yeah.
Brilliant.
Can you tell me a little bit about Paris Castle? So where is Paris Castle?
In Westbourne.
And is it a big castle?
Yeah. Yeah, it's a big one.
It's a big castle, yeah.
And what does it look like?
It looks like a king's castle.
Yeah. It's quite big, yeah.
And what sort of things does it have around it?
You've got a picture going in there.
Ah.
So it's, I don't know.
Yeah, it's a big door.
It's got big doors coming in, isn't it?
Yeah.
And big doors coming out of it.
Lovely.
Yeah.
And what about the gardens and things? Can you tell us a bit about the gardens?
Um, we had the help of the gardener, didn't we, Rob?
Yeah.
Ah, so there's a picture of you two sitting on a bench.
And what were you doing? What's that in your hand?
What are you holding in your hand?
A picture.
A spade.
A spade?
Yeah.
Yeah, a spade helping the people.
You were doing it, but I was doing it somehow.
Yeah.
Lovely. So that was through this project Trust Buddies?
So what made you want to join Trust Buddies?
Just thought you'd give it a go?
Yeah.
Yeah, lovely.
And so when you did your Trust Buddies, how many days a week did you do?
So we did it on a Friday, didn't we?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, Friday, yeah.
Wonderful. And how did you get to Paris Castle?
So we had somebody pick us up, didn't we, Rob?
Yeah.
We went straight home.
Oh.
Yeah.
Wonderful. So you mentioned you did a bit of work in the gardens.
Yeah, lovely. And oh, there you are with your wheelbarrow.
Yeah, that's me.
Oh, fantastic. So what were you doing with the wheelbarrow, Robert?
So what we had to do was we had to take...
You were there now, weren't you?
No.
Because you had to do something else.
So my job was with somebody there, we had to take it to some work, I remember.
So you were helping the gardeners?
Yeah, to help.
Fantastic.
So they had a greenhouse as well?
Yeah.
The greenhouse down the bottom, so we had to walk a bit far to get to it.
Yeah, so the greenhouse isn't really a place the public would normally see, is it?
No.
So you probably saw parts of Paris Castle that visitors wouldn't see.
Lovely. So, Rob, where did you have your breaks, your coffee break?
Where did you go for that?
I think it's...
In the big room, honey.
Yeah, big room.
Lovely. So that was inside Paris Castle.
Yeah.
Did they have a kettle?
Yeah, they had a kettle, yeah.
Wonderful. And then, did you work in the cafe?
Yes. Oh, yeah.
So what sort of jobs were you doing in the cafe?
Behind the till.
Really?
Yeah, yeah. Especially food, yes.
Selling food?
Oh, yes.
So was that the cafe in the castle or the cafe in the garden?
Um, I think it was the cafe.
There's two cafes, yeah.
OK. And which of you worked in the ticket booth?
Me.
Ah, so what sort of things did you do in the ticket booth?
We had to fop stuff out for people.
So when visitors arrived, did they show you your tickets?
Show you the tickets?
Yeah.
And did you have maps that you had to give out or...?
Yeah, special maps, honey.
So, yeah, special maps, yeah.
Never have.
Yeah.
OK. And did you have many children coming?
OK. And was there any children's activities?
No.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I think there was, but I don't know.
You didn't do that bit?
No.
OK.
Would you... Were you involved with the Halloween...
..the pumpkin thing?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
What did you do for that?
So we had to go...
You were there, weren't you?
Yeah.
So we had to go with...
I can't remember who, so we had to go...
..down...
..to Mencap.
Yeah.
Not down to Mencap.
Down to Oshporn.
And we weren't very careful and we had to set up different stuff.
So it was a pumpkin thing for the children?
Yeah.
And then we had to talk to them.
That was hard for me.
Yeah.
Because sometimes I'm shy.
Yes.
So I can't give a word, though.
Did you find, as the time went on at Powys, you felt less shy...
..the more you went?
Yeah.
It was getting a little bit easier?
Yeah, because it was a long time when we went...
Yeah.
It was a long time because we just had to...
..stand up all the time.
Yeah, so it's quite tiring.
Yeah.
And what about the other people you worked with there?
So were they obviously the gardeners?
Yeah.
Anybody else you worked with there?
The gardeners were quite happy, weren't they, Rob?
Yeah.
Happy to see me and Rob.
Every Friday we went.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
Yeah, and then we worked with a man...
..who, um, can't remember who it was, yeah.
Hmm.
So where did you work with him?
So, um, every Friday when we went, he was...
..standing by...
..standing by the top, and then he was waiting for me and Rob
to come in, wouldn't he, Rob?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, and then he had to tell us where we...
..go.
OK.
Yeah.
Like, Rob went with him, and then I was with...
..somebody else to do, yeah.
Yeah, so you had your own bit of work to do.
Yeah.
I see.
So in that picture, Rob, you and Robert are in the greenhouse.
Yeah.
In the greenhouse.
Ah, so what were you doing in there?
I was shooting.
You were sweeping up the greenhouse?
Yeah, I'd bend down.
Stuff.
Yeah, I was actually...
Keeping it tidy?
Yeah, I was like...
Ah, well done.
Yeah, doing a finish my own, and putting my scary hood up.
So, um, did you work with any of the other volunteers
while you were there?
Um, garners, mainly.
Um, so we had to do, uh, sort of, not weird,
so we had to go on, like, a, um...
Oh, do you remember we went on a tractor, Rob?
Oh, yeah.
I sat at the back.
I got stuck, I couldn't get out of the bloody bed.
It was like a tractor.
Yeah.
Trailer thing.
So were you stuck in the tractor or the trailer?
Trailer.
Yeah, trailer.
Because we had to go up one day with...
Yeah.
I can't remember who it was.
Yeah, a tractor.
No, somebody else.
Oh, yeah.
So, uh, it was bumpy going up.
Because we had to go...
Yeah, yeah, you got to put my bladder a bit.
Yeah, and then, um, you wasn't there, were you?
No.
Um, I got stuck in a van.
I couldn't get out.
Oh.
So how did you get out?
Because, um, I was stuck in a van.
Because somebody had to...
Not push me, they just had to...
Go stuck in a bloody van.
How you get stuck in a bloody van, that?
Because we were taking stuff to the shop.
Yeah.
Oh, goodness.
Bloody van.
So what was your favourite things about working there, Rob?
What did you enjoy the best?
Um...
So where was that?
That was that, so...
Yeah, but what were you doing there?
Um, showing people.
So you liked the café and the shop?
Yes.
Yeah, and that was your favourite piece?
Oh, yeah.
So what particularly did you like about that?
A manager, yeah.
You were the manager?
Yeah.
Well, I do that again.
Did everybody do what they were told?
Yes.
Good.
And what did you have to wear to be the manager?
Um...
The hat and the T-shirt, yes.
And I had the gold trousers.
So would you say you had to look quite smart?
Yeah.
Brilliant.
What was your favourite thing, Robert?
What did you particularly like?
Smiling at people, eh?
Yeah, you liked meeting the public.
Yeah, it was good meeting rather.
We were very happy.
Yeah.
Nice.
Yeah, and did you find that you felt meeting the public got easier?
Um...
Some people was hard work.
Yeah.
Because some people do say...
51.
..where everything is, so...
Yeah.
That was a bit hard work trying to tell them where everything is,
so, yeah.
Yeah.
I suppose you might have some regular visitors.
Yeah, from different places.
Did you meet many foreign people or people from other countries?
Quite... Yeah.
Quite a lot of foreign people, so...
Hmm.
Yeah, interesting.
That was quite weird.
Not weird, though.
Yeah.
Sitting...
Sorting out and then people come on.
Yeah, so...
Yeah.
Lovely.
And is there anything, Rob, that you didn't enjoy?
I don't know.
No?
No? It was all pretty good?
Yeah.
What about you, Robert?
No.
Was there anything you didn't like?
No, it was good, though.
Yeah.
It was good to see different people.
Lovely.
So would you say you'd do it again if you could?
Yeah.
I would.
Yeah, lovely.
Have either of you been back to visit the castle?
No.
I think I have.
I've come...
...wet.
Yeah, I've been back once.
Lovely.
Is there anything else you want to add?
No.
Anything else you think of?
That we haven't talked about?
No.
No, I'm all empty.
No?
Okay.
Thank you very much.
That was really interesting.
Yeah.
So I wasn't obviously there and it's nice to hear about it.
So if you think of anything else you want to add,
you can always fire this up again and you can talk a bit more.
Yeah, I'll go and pick...